=The Truth=
=Episode 1=
(He Village)
Sir, I need to make a call.
It's He Changchun.
It's you.
What's it? Spit it out.
I need money urgently.
Okay.
How much? I'll transfer it to you.
(Yunxi City, He Village, Liuhe City)
(I need cash.)
(When will you come get it?)
(I'll call you later.)
Coming through. Make way.
Everyone, please step back.
No crowding. Thank you.
No crowding.
Ma'am, please step back.
I've photographed this spot.
(Ye Qian, Detective, Major Crimes Unit,
Criminal Investigation Division, CID)
(Jiao Lei, Imagery Analyst,
Forensic Unit, City Police Department)
(Si Yuanlong, Trace Evidence Examiner,
Rubber boots.
Lei.
(Leng Qiming, Captain, Major Crimes Unit,
Criminal Investigation Division, CID)
What happened inside?
No crowding.
Step back. Stay back.
Thank you.
Sir, please step back.
Master.
The victim's name was Guo Bingbing,
a 14-year-old student
at No. 2 Middle School.
She didn't return home on time
after evening self-study.
Her parents called it in.
Patrol officers found
an abandoned bicycle by the roadside.
They followed the trail
and found her body.
How's it going?
Chief Xu.
The victim was a minor student,
(Xu Shi, Deputy Chief of City Police Department)
and No. 2 Middle School is a key school.
The case is high-profile.
The city officials are asking questions.
(Zhang Ziwu, Forensic Toxicologist,
Forensic Unit, City Police Department)
Captain Leng, hold this for me.
A fish scale.
A fish scale?
Found in her hair.
We have abrasions here.
And semen stains
on the inner thigh fabric.
We should be able to extract DNA.
Master,
the family has been notified.
They'll identify the body at the morgue.
Let's go.
(Morgue)
(Wang Tong, Detective, Major Crimes Unit, CID;
Liu Yang, Detective, Major Crimes Unit, CID)
Let me go!
(Yumo?)
Yumo?
(Yunxi City)
Qian.
Qian, carrying so much stuff?
We've asked you to come in today
to see if you can help us
piece together Guo Bingbing's last days.
What time did Bingbing usually
come home after school?
So she generally
didn't linger outside, right?
(Interview Room)
(Forensic Unit)
Both eyeballs have
petechial hemorrhages
in the conjunctivae.
Livor mortis is dark purplish-red.
And there is friction damage
between the victim's lips and teeth
due to an anoxic stress reaction.
These findings
are consistent with mechanical asphyxia.
The victim's hymen shows fresh tearing,
but there's no sign of bleeding.
This indicates that
when the suspect committed rape,
the victim's blood circulation
had stopped. She was already dead.
Food's here.
Thank you, Ye.
- Here.
- Thank you.
Thank you.
Ziwu, Lei.
Okay.
Master, yours.
Let's talk over food.
Ziwu, continue.
Let's look at this.
The wound is 0.5 cm wide,
with a horizontal, backward band-like
epidermal abrasion
and subcutaneous hemorrhage.
The left ligature furrow
is more severely damaged.
There are parallel, comb-like
skin folds, left higher than right.
Combining the folds
left on the victim's skin,
the wound depth,
and compression hemorrhages
at the neck's back,
the suspect
likely used a specialized tool.
Like some kind of snare.
But why did No. 2 Middle School choose
such a location for their new campus?
It's way too remote.
Teachers
and students
all use that road to commute.
It gets pretty busy during rush hours.
But it clears out after that.
Graduating classes finish late,
so parents are worried.
Most pick their kids up.
The others make sure their kids
go home together.
I heard the victim
used to ride a bike home
with classmates before.
Not sure why she was alone this time.
(Yunxi Police)
(DNA Comparison Results)
The DNA samples from semen stains
found at the scene
matched two unsolved cases.
The suspect is linked
to the Weigang Street assault case
(Juvenile Victimization Case)
and the Tianpeng Street rape case.
Plus the latest one.
It's three crimes in under a month.
Can you do it?
Slow down.
Buzz off.
Come on.
You made a bit of progress.
All thanks to your teaching.
I'm a bit hungry.
Let's go eat.
What are we eating?
Hot pot.
Let's go.
Which hot pot place is good?
Look.
(Yunxi City Map)
My hands are definitely swollen.
Rub them later.
Got it. I'll rub them later.
Hold on.
What're you looking at?
Like what you see?
Should you even be looking?
I've seen you here a few times.
You're that creep, aren't you?
I'm talking to you.
Don't let it ruin your mood.
Let's go eat.
Stay away from here.
Don't ever come back.
Who told Xiaomeng to be so pretty?
Look at you.
Don't return to this square.
Why bother dealing
with someone like that?
We were having a good time today.
- Disgusting.
- Let's go.
Xiaomeng, we're heading out.
- Bye-bye.
Xiaomeng, waiting for someone?
Not your business.
Why aren't you here yet?
I'll wait across from the school.
Hurry up.
Why haven't you come yet?
Hurry up, or I'll be mad.
(Yunxi Police Department)
Chief Xu,
I fear the suspect will strike again.
Since we've confirmed
it's the same person,
evidence and clues
from the first two cases
should help us catch him.
Three crimes in over 20 days
is too frequent.
Families of the first two victims
are unhappy with us.
They feel we didn't take their cases
seriously enough.
Now that there's been a murder,
we're going back to them.
Zhang,
we asked you here to help
because our female field officers
are all on the task force,
and our admin staff
isn't familiar with the situation.
Don't worry.
Supporting field officers
is part of our job.
The parents
might say some harsh things later.
Be mentally prepared.
Understood.
Let's go.
You cops can't solve the case,
and now you're wasting our time?
Isn't this just wasting
taxpayers' money?
Have you no shame?
Is this how public servants
treat the people?
Ma'am, please stay calm.
We asked you here today
to approach the case responsibly.
We need evidence to solve crimes.
But honestly,
the scene in your daughter's case
was heavily compromised.
Trace evidence was destroyed.
If our tech hadn't been meticulous,
finding that cigarette butt
200 meters from the crime scene,
we'd have no leads
on that case even now.
Isn't calling us here now
still pointless?
Can I say something?
I've been here forever.
That day, I skipped evening study
to meet my friend.
I first waited for him
at the school gate.
But he never showed up.
So I went to wait across the street.
Why haven't you come yet?
Hurry up, or I'll be mad.
Xiaomeng!
It's dangerous. Don't go.
Are you okay?
Are you alright?
I'm here.
It's okay now. It's okay.
Can you describe in detail
what was used to strangle you?
It felt like metal, I think.
It was definitely rough.
I tried to scream,
but he was choking me so tightly.
I couldn't.
Did you see the attacker's face?
He was behind me the whole time,
so I didn't see his face.
I only saw his back when he ran away.
He was about the same height
as my friend,
around 1.75 meters tall, I guess.
Average build.
He ran pretty fast.
As for what he was wearing,
it was drab and dirty.
Definitely cheap stuff.
Right.
That plastic bag. The black one he put
over my head, it stank really bad.
It smelled like rotten fish and shrimp.
A fishy smell?
Are you sure?
I'm allergic to seafood.
That fishy smell made me gag instantly.
Chen Xiaomeng mentioned the fishy smell.
And we found multiple fish scales
in Guo Bingbing's hair.
So I think it's the same suspect.
What about Li Ying?
Her parents declined.
They didn't want to make her suffer.
I'll go.
I'll go with you.
We've already said everything
there is to say.
What else do you want from us?
Can't catch the criminal,
so you just keep harassing us?
Can't you see
how much this hurts our daughter?
We're here just to gather more clues.
It'll help...
We've already moved.
And you've found us again.
If the neighbors find out,
how can we hold our heads up?
Have you ever considered us?
Just say less, will you?
Ying is at home.
What?
Am I wrong?
Ying attended a top city school.
The school was hard to enter.
Ever since that thing happened,
you kept coming around constantly.
We couldn't take it anymore
and had to transfer her
to this district school.
And now you've tracked us down here too.
Will this ever end?
Will it ever end?
Ying used to be in the top three
in her whole school.
Now she's fallen to beyond 20th place.
If she can't get into a key high school,
can you take responsibility?
I understand
how hard it's been for you...
Enough.
Stop talking.
I know you have no answers for us now.
Mom.
Let me talk to the police.
Ying, if you don't want to talk,
you can go back to your room.
I'm here. You have nothing to fear.
Let's go inside for a while.
What are you doing?
Leave it to me.
You? What can you do?
If you hadn't been too lazy those days
to fix the car,
- it wouldn't have occurred.
- Just calm down.
Leave it to me.
Now the police are back...
Sorry about that.
She's just like that.
Well, you talk first.
I'll go cut some fruit for you.
Li Ying, don't be nervous.
We're just here to talk with you today
and see if there were any clues
we might have missed the first time.
The more clues we have,
the faster we can catch the suspect.
Now, please try to recall.
On the day of the incident,
did anything
particularly unusual happen?
I've already told you everything I know.
Like certain sounds,
smells,
or the environment.
Anything felt unusual to you.
You can tell us about it.
Just say whatever comes to mind.
It's fine.
That night after evening self-study,
my dad's car broke down.
He told me to take a taxi home.
Let's hang out again sometime.
Sure.
Bye-bye.
We're off too.
- Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
I told you that bag stank.
It had a sour, rotten smell.
Just thinking about that smell
makes me feel sick.
Li Ying.
What's wrong?
Ying, are you okay?
The bag with a sour smell.
Wait.
You must catch him.
(Dan Qing, Core Member
of Huo's Drug Trafficking Ring)
Officers handling the rape
and sexual assault cases
secured surveillance footage
immediately.
But the lighting was too dim.
We didn't find anything useful.
Huaibei Road is a newly opened road
in the district.
It has no surveillance cameras yet.
So I've expanded the search radius
to five kilometers.
It's still ongoing
and doesn't look good.
Multiple three-dimensional shoe prints
were lifted from the scene.
Based on the full length of the prints,
the suspect is estimated
to be around 1.75 meters tall,
with a medium build.
The stride pattern
shows a straight line,
excluding him being drunk at the crime
or having any physical disability.
He was fully aware.
The statements
of the victims in both cases
are quite consistent.
No other fingerprints were found
on Guo Bingbing's bicycle.
Both the rape and assault victims
mentioned a fishy-smelling plastic bag.
When we collected samples at the scene,
we also found several fish scales
in Guo Bingbing's hair.
These are the fish scales we collected.
They're from carp.
Considering the suspect's pattern,
I suspect
these scales likely fell out
of the plastic bag.
But strangely,
all the fish involved
are single-scaled fish.
Now, for farmed carp,
they're usually at least two-scaled
before being sold.
Single-scaled ones
aren't typically sold in markets.
But if it was caught wild
or is a wild carp,
then logically,
we shouldn't have found
only single-scaled fish's scales.
There should also be two-scaled,
three-scaled, and even four-scaled ones.
So I think the black plastic bags
the killer used
were for transporting brood fish
to stock a new fishpond.
For a new fishpond
or one just stocked with fry,
outsiders usually can't fish.
Therefore,
it's highly likely
the suspect owns his own fishpond.
We also found some dust particles
on Guo Bingbing's clothes.
Tests revealed
they're incense ash.
And it's the really cheap kind,
made from basic wood shavings
and chemical fragrances.
Rumor has it incense ash kills sperm.
Also, the cigarette butts collected
near the scenes
yielded DNA.
Ye Qian.
For the rape and assault cases,
the butts were from cheap cigarettes,
seven yuan a pack.
But the third case is different
from the previous ones.
It's a premium brand,
costing about 70 to 80 yuan a pack.
Even though I quit smoking years ago,
I still understand a smoker's mindset.
Habits of luxury are hard to unlearn.
The suspect
is definitely a chain smoker.
People like that
easily crave a cigarette when stressed.
That also explains
why he left cigarette butts
on the periphery after the crime.
Therefore, the cigarette butt evidence
needs thorough analysis.
Long.
You've lived with Ye Qian
for about half a year now, right?
It's 11 months and 13 days.
It'll be 11 months and 14 days soon.
Well,
Captain Leng, we had an agreement.
It'd just be a few months
for transition, right?
But it's been almost a year now.
I seriously can't live with him anymore.
Find me a single room
or make him leave.
I'm keeping the single room in mind.
If one's available,
you'll get it first.
Just hurry up.
Did you have a conflict with Ye Qian?
No conflict between us.
We get along great.
He's great with others too.
Really?
Then let him live with others.
I can't live with him.
I can't stand his habits.
Stay strong for six months.
By the way, I have a task for you.
We've been here quite a while.
Why hasn't anyone shown up?
Be patient.
We agreed on no alcohol before coming.
It's fine. Just a little.
We're just waiting anyway.
This place is full of cameras.
Bao Hei's people
are definitely watching us.
Don't mess up the mission.
(Bao Hei's Garden)
Hands off what's not yours,
and mind off what's not your business.
All these years with me,
how can you not remember?
You forgot?
Did you forget? Did you?
Regretting it?
Too late.
Well?
I'd say one's got decent composure.
Look.
But the other one...
Zoom in on that woman.
Were they checked at entry?
Checked. No weapons.
They've waited for hours.
Should we...
The bottle's open.
Let them enjoy themselves.
Regroup! Regroup now!
Push A site!
Careful! Dodge!
Smoke! Go!
Watch your positioning.
Stop blocking me.
Seriously.
What are you doing?
You flashed our teammate.
So annoying. Get it together.
Can't hold loot. Can't push sites.
Si Yuanlong.
Faster.
What's this? Can we just regroup?
You idiot.
Si Yuanlong.
Hurry! Dodge!
Just go to B.
What are...
What's wrong?
Keep your voice down.
Okay.
If you can't sleep,
just get up instead of blaming me.
How about I carry you?
I'm a pro now.
Let's play a few.
In or not?
The trash can.
I didn't cross the line.
Hey. W-Where are you going?
Not your business.
What's your problem?
I didn't provoke you.
What's that attitude?
I don't want to babysit you either.
But your master ordered me
to keep an eye on you
and keep you out of trouble.
Otherwise,
they'll take you off the case.
Reassigning you to desk duty
to keep you away from CID
is possible too.
Your master could do that.
I just want to take a walk
and get some air.
Well, I also want to take a walk
You annoy me.
I need a moment alone.
I annoy myself too.
But the captain gave me the task
to watch you closely.
If I lose sight of you,
both of us will be punished.
So let's go together.
Don't regret it.
Awesome.
Little Qian,
it's such a blast.
We've been living together
for a year now.
Why didn't you bring me here sooner?
(Off-Road Motorcycle Race)
Is this how you do business?
Gosh! I'm out!
Find whoever you want to work with.
No one's coming?
No one?
Not coming, huh?
Not coming, is that it?
♪Replacing the weight of tears
with that of sweat♪
♪Covering the gunshot's sound
with wounds♪
♪No one is born unyielding and strong♪
♪But because someone
always rushes ahead♪
♪To shield us from the storm♪
♪When every extraordinary act
becomes routine♪
♪Just to polish the badge
upon their shoulder♪
♪Like light surging unseen
through the night♪
♪Converging into your form♪
♪Looking up♪
♪Such dazzling glory♪
♪Like hope♪
♪Reaching out its arms♪
♪Cloaked in light♪
♪Alone, they charge ahead♪
♪Traversing♪
♪The battlefield of fate♪